[weave] Update signals (#2711)
wandb/docs: weave/guides/evaluation/monitors.mdx

Reviewer: Nit: Bold the page name?

Second nit: The `+` isn't typically actually part of the button text in W&B UIs. I tend to leave it off.

Author: i believe google says we should only bold the page name when the user is selecting it as an action/instruction, not when just referring to it, in procedures.

Author: i'll check with Dan and see what he does, i should be consistent with Weave at least.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To add a signal, select the **Add signal** button on the signal card. The signal begins scoring new traces immediately.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. To add multiple signals at once, select the **[X] more signals** button. This opens a drawer that lists all available signals grouped by category.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding signals, Weave automatically scores incoming traces.
```

When multiple signals from the same group (Quality or Error) are active, Weave batches the signals into a single LLM call for efficiency. The model evaluates all active classifiers in one pass and returns results for each.

## Use signals for agentic applications

> If you are tracing agentic applications, signal results appear in two places

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you trace agentic applications, signal results appear in two places
```
Nit: hard wrapping

on the **Agents** page:

- The **Signals** tab shows all scored turns across your agents, with the
  scorer name, numeric score, and 24-hour trend for each.

> - The **Conversations** tab's conversation detail panel shows a **Scores** section in the Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The detail panel in the **Conversations** tab's  **Scores** section in the Events
```
But maybe not. This seems a bit much: The Events panel's Conversation tab's detail panel. Do I have it right?

Author: yes, that's right.  i think they're equally convoluted either way...

  panel. This includes the rubric breakdown and per-criterion confidence for each
  active scorer.

<Note>

> If you are tracing agentic applications, we recommend using the **Signals** tab on the **Agents** page. For full details, see [View agent activity](/weave/guides/tracking/view-agent-activity#signals-tab).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tracing agentic applications, the **Signals** tab on the **Agents** page is recommended. See [View agent activity](/weave/guides/tracking/view-agent-activity#signals-tab).
```

</Note>

> ## Enable signals from the Monitors page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a signal from the Monitors page
```
Aligns with the UI, avoids ableist language. I think singular is a bit clearer but would require a bit of copy updating in the procedure.
